Add examples for how to upload videos for retried tests (#3951)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: content/guides/guides/screenshots-and-videos.md

</Alert>

### Control which videos to keep and upload to Dashboard

You may want to have more control over which videos you want to keep and upload to the Dashboard. Deleting videos after the run can save resource space on the machine as well as skip the time used to process, compress, and upload the video to the [Dashboard Service](/guides/dashboard/introduction).

> To only process videos in the case that a tests fail, you can set the [`videoUploadOnPasses`](/guides/references/configuration#Videos) configuration option to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To only process videos in the case that a test fails, you can set the [`videoUploadOnPasses`](/guides/references/configuration#Videos) configuration option to `false`.
```
